Update pull-request-template.md (#28)
siemens/CtrlppCheck: .github/PULL_REQUEST_TEMPLATE/pull-request-template.md

  - Fill in the **Proposed upgrade guidelines** section only if there are breaking changes or changes that may require extra steps from users during the upgrade.
- [ ] There is automated testing or an explanation that explains why this change has no tests.
- [ ] For dependency updates, there are links to external changelogs and, if possible, full differentials.
- [ ] Any localizations are transferred to /msg/ files.
<!-- TBD
- [ ] Changes in the interface are documented also as [examples](docs/examples/readme.md).
-->

### Maintainer checklist

Before the changes are marked as `ready-for-merge`:

<!-- TBD, maybe done in GitHub rules
- [ ] There is at least one (1) approval for the pull request and no outstanding requests for change.
- [ ] Conversations in the pull request are over, or it is explicit that a reviewer is not blocking the change.
-->
- [ ] Changelog entries in the **pull request title** and/or **Proposed changelog entries** are accurate, human-readable, and in the imperative mood.
<!-- TBD, maybe done in GitHub rules
- [ ] Proper changelog labels are set so that the changelog can be generated automatically. See also [release-drafter-labels](...).
-->

> - [ ] If the change needs additional upgrade steps from users, the `upgrade-guide-needed` label is set and there is a **Proposed upgrade guidelines** section in the pull request title (see [example](...)).

Reviewer: We don't have this label _upgrade-guide-needed_ yet, so please mention _documentation_ instead or explain, why we would need another label.

Author: Have we some labels? A good example is here: 
https://github.com/jenkinsci/.github/blob/ce466227c534c42820a597cb8e9cac2f2334920a/.github/release-drafter.yml#L9-L50
I will remove (comment out) the line from Template

Reviewer: See the current list here:
https://github.com/siemens/CtrlppCheck/issues/labels

> - [ ] cpp and ctrl code changes are tested by automated test.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [ ] C++ and Control(++) code changes are tested by automated test.
```
Use wording as in next line.
